I can you talk about something that is
very serious and his affecting the dkc
heavily at the moment and began the hip
hop scene nobody wants to talk about it
bar now gonna have to address it but
that is MCS smoking crack five out of
six pages we smoke crack in their
lifetime for only five pound good luck
if its sponsor MC like MCTV to get off
their crack addiction and get back onto
the straight and narrow every five
seconds I did indeed crack-smoking NC
will take a hit for this crack pipe and
then tired spare 16 of the wounded
rabbit now the fucking mama serious now
though I don't give a fuck and he
smelled that every day for the past few
years if you've smoked crap once you can
try to fuck your boss and said I hear
he's a real boss the why I'm here he
fucking spit balls about blazing crap
out of this sideways fucking antics but
no I don't want to do shit unless you're
actually gonna be real deal I yeah
that's it I do that chicken smoker then
I'm still gonna charge you later tiny
hidden fixed within an itchy right ya
know and that's why I safe uh PSA and
that's why they fucker chante and that's
why I say fuck t-pain bug little Wayne
for Chris Brown they're all the same
fuck me I say Ricky mob three so I want
to give adidas sideways with a little
breakdown that why he's not gonna quit
later they get it could break down
fucking are you gonna try sale here
fuckin say fuck this person for this
person for this person did you see it
for ya step up with this beer idea fuck
Bill thing yeah because she needs to
Marty I got saved yeah fuck this person
at speaking if I'm speaking one saying
funky that I've seen I can't go on be
like yeah spray paint on a mean fuck bad
teeth it's a cheat meal time does he got
say that i'll fuck back together the
movie here nobody can see y'all gonna
say fuck Beyonce 40 people before and
you want something that singing he
sounded an event gonna take down then
you dusty back garden that you don't
confess but how are they gonna take me
seriously you're somethin any place
might stop saying it stopped spinning we
fix up you want to get out of tix balls
man 14 man i say i didn't get other back
my thoughts my daughter has a rash oh no
she said oh lord oh no I use laptop
stock oh shit maybe gonna hurt ya yeah
you might not even be so much fun out of
this video for football I see some guys
didn't fall trying to pull up these bad
stroke in his face are you gonna try to
hold someone up outside school just
strengthen his face but your teeth
okay no noise oh no my man is gonna pass
no I meant got a black t know you're
lame all your might but the other black
heels oh thank you don t know what imma
fuck you gonna try bouncing from the
time that transmits the same 50
bajillion miles kane gets infected with
learning did any implanted trophies i
said about black tea the bronchial
something funky bout nothing of his
trans people the same man kissing a
different party did she actually started
to think that this guy even tell you the
basics deeply destined for tonight Nomar
has these girls is that what he wanted
back to those I gotta talk to you what I
got those brats is love I'm a funky
military pilots funky clothes and they
basically have the same thing did DD
party nobody's haven't taken of the
closet oh oh oh I the fuck you so
interested in my mind's fucking clothes
down yet your fucking self yeah well Oh
dddd pump he's schooling apply mommy
fucking down to the time I i play my Pig
funky glasses on a planet fucking double
I don't think even enough about an hour
babysit for David only reason people
like fucking laughing at the somehow
don't say the value in the fuck did you
get out of this whole big glasses just
know if you dug up in my focus neither
did you get let go shit me JD I got
every JD I way to get a top former oh ok
now ladies i rocked at JP sure hey hey
once again Lyle awesome but I'm redken
ameritrade hormones and I give the tones
a little spit about while you're working
bro yo tell me about your swag what you
loud loud the reason why I
yes fuck swag swag swag swag swag Annie
you're fucking sidemen yeah some people
talking video bang on eating but it's
funny that you recorded a video feed on
eating I made yourself look like a fag
but you want a dickhead how the fuck you
gonna fake people's gonna fit you'll see
when you're surrounding this guy by like
six guys dashing fucking slogans I got a
spitball maybe your boss but let me hear
your buzz about how really difficult I
mommy fucking outfit with your niece my
friends let me hear your boss but stop
do you explain it bad because they're
fucking people got the bus but he's
written by multi dizzy Tata patha the
fuck are you going w some sharp in 45
years man obviously the thought has it
got sent him to get the laser because
apparently all he said it sped up the
day coming I'm coming like this is my
boss the dad is there an appearance to
display these guys and this he had a
very fucked again for your digital life
six-man that snow peas I don't vicar who
dis internet fucking all that form has
it yeah Martin right subscribe fuck